optimizer-hints, correlated-subquery-optimization: add docs for no_de… (#10934)
pingcap/docs: optimizer-hints.md

From the preceding example, you can see that when using the `SEMI_JOIN_REWRITE()` hint, TiDB can select the execution method of IndexJoin based on the driving table `t1`.

### NO_DECORRELATE()

> The `NO_DECORRELATE()` hint tells the optimizer not to try to perform decorrelation for the correlated subquery in the specified query block. This hint is applicable to the `EXISTS`, `IN`, `ANY`, `ALL`, `SOME` clauses, and scalar subqueries that contain correlated columns, which are correlated subqueries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `NO_DECORRELATE()` hint tells the optimizer not to try to perform decorrelation for the correlated subquery in the specified query block. This hint is applicable to the `EXISTS`, `IN`, `ANY`, `ALL`, and `SOME` clauses that contain correlated columns, and scalar subqueries (that is, correlated subqueries).
```

> The `NO_DECORRELATE()` hint tells the optimizer not to try to perform decorrelation for the correlated subquery in the specified query block. This hint is applicable to the `EXISTS`, `IN`, `ANY`, `ALL`, `SOME` clauses, and scalar subqueries that containing correlated columns, which are correlated subqueries.

Author: ```suggestion
The `NO_DECORRELATE()` hint tells the optimizer not to try to perform decorrelation for the correlated subquery in the specified query block. This hint is applicable to the `EXISTS`, `IN`, `ANY`, `ALL`, `SOME` clauses, and scalar subqueries that contain correlated columns, which are correlated subqueries.
```

> The `NO_DECORRELATE()` hint tells the optimizer not to try to perform decorrelation for the correlated subquery in the specified query block. This hint is applicable to the `EXISTS`, `IN`, `ANY`, `ALL`, and `SOME` clauses that contain correlated columns, and scalar subqueries (that is, correlated subqueries).

Reviewer 2: MySQL defines the correlated subquery as follows:
> A correlated subquery is a subquery that contains a reference to a table that also appears in the outer query.

The main point of "correlated subqueries" is "containing correlated columns". Currently, it could be a subquery started with `EXISTS`, `IN`, `ANY`, `ALL`, or `SOME`, or be a scalar subquery, so I added this description to the Chinese doc to make it more clear. And I think they are not "clauses" strictly.

```suggestion
The `NO_DECORRELATE()` hint tells the optimizer not to try to perform decorrelation for the correlated subquery in the specified query block. This hint is applicable to the `EXISTS`, `IN`, `ANY`, `ALL`, `SOME` subqueries and scalar subqueries that contain correlated columns (that is, correlated subqueries).
```

> When this hint is written in a query block, the optimizer will not try to perform decorrelation for the correlated columns between the subquery and its outer query block, but always use the Apply operator to execute the query.

Author: ```suggestion
When this hint is used in a query block, the optimizer will not try to perform decorrelation for the correlated columns between the subquery and its outer query block, but always use the Apply operator to execute the query.
```

|     └─HashAgg_27                       | 1.00     | root      |                        | funcs:sum(Column#10)->Column#7                                                       |
|       └─IndexLookUp_28                 | 1.00     | root      |                        |                                                                                      |
|         ├─IndexRangeScan_25(Build)     | 10.00    | cop[tikv] | table:t2, index:idx(b) | range: decided by [eq(test.t2.b, test.t1.b)], keep order:false, stats:pseudo         |
|         └─HashAgg_17(Probe)            | 1.00     | cop[tikv] |                        | funcs:sum(test.t2.a)->Column#10                                                      |
|           └─TableRowIDScan_26          | 10.00    | cop[tikv] | table:t2               | keep order:false, stats:pseudo                                                       |
+----------------------------------------+----------+-----------+------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
```

> From the preceding execution plan, you can see that the optimizer does not perform decorrelation. The execution plan still has the Apply operator. The filter condition (`t2.b = t1.b`) with the correlated column is still the filter condition for accessing the `t2` table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the preceding execution plan, you can see that the optimizer does not perform decorrelation. The execution plan still contains the Apply operator. The filter condition (`t2.b = t1.b`) with the correlated column is still the filter condition when accessing the `t2` table.
```
